Learning theories Based on the literature, we support the thesis that there are different learning processes. According to Bolhuis and Simons (2001), learning always happens and in every situation. Wenger (2009) says that learning happens within different communities where every person is part of, such as at home, at school or on social media. This is in line with Simons (2000), who says that learning is not always conscious and focused, but also casually and in different ways. Jarvis (2009) defines learning as a combination of processes in which the whole person (body and mind) experiences social situations. The perceived content thereof becomes cognitive, emotionally or practically (or a combination of these) transformed and integrated into the personal biography. This results in a changed person (Jarvis, 2009). Bolhuis and Simons (2001) described this as 'the process by which phenomena and the individual acquire meaning' (Bolhuis & Simons, 2001, page 2). Illeris (2009) connects to this by defining learning as' every process that leads to living organisms permanent change in capacities and that is not solely due to biological development or aging '(Illeris, 2009). In this process Illeris (2009) distinguishes the external interaction process between the learning and its social, cultural and material environment and the internal interaction process of acquiring and the connecting new ideas with what has already been learned. According to Illeris (2009), new impulses are emerging different ways are included in the mental organization, and on this basis it is possible distinguish between four different types of learning, namely cumulative, assimilative, accommodative and transformative learning. These types of learning are activated in different contexts different types of learning outcomes and require more or less energy (Illeris, 2009, page 13). Argyris and Schön (1974) distinguish three orders or dimensions of learning: single loop, double loop and triple loop learning. Jarvis (2009) states that a person rejects a learning experience, thinks about it, responds to it or one combination of these (Jarvis, 2009). The above theories are the starting point of the snail model